Finally, I want to give you
some further research for
further learning if you'd like to
choose to do it as homework or
as an exercise that you
can do in your own time.
There's one last challenge
at the end of the course.
And it is taking what we've
just used to define our
listToDict generic function,
to build map, filter,
and reduce functions that
apply to dictionaries.
You're probably familiar using
these methods on arrays.
And we're just going to create
the dictionary equivalent because they're
both collections.
And so it's sort of the same concept, but
instead of iterating
through a list in order.
We're going to iterate over
key value pairs and you know,
your map function will create a new
dictionary with some transformation.
Your filter will filter
through key value pairs,
your reduce function will
iterate over key value pairs.
In a dictionary and
give you a reduced value, and
it's like the caller's decision with their
reducer to define what that value is.
So, here's the starting point code and
this is just sample data.
But I'd like you to write these
functions such that they would work for
a variety of different inputs.
I've given you a dictionary of fruits,
that have color and mass.
The mass is there for the reduce example,
if you wanted to sort of sum up
the mass of a bunch of different stuff.
That would be a great example of getting
a single value out of a group of things.
Here's an interface that
describes a dictionary.
We're using a type param here, so you
could say this is a dictionary of fruits,
or something like that,
just by passing in T.
And you can fill in these functions, so
mapDict, filterDict, and reduceDict.
As usual,
don't mess with stuff below this line.
This is a test suite, you've got some
positive and negative test cases.
Here's an example of a negative test case.
This should fail, but
your goal would be to write
those functions until all
of these things pass.
And there's a spoiler down here, if you
click this, you'll see the solution.
So why don't you give this a shot?
See how far you get, and then come back,
compare with the solution, and
see if we wrote the functions
in the same way.